[native] Introduce module presto-native-tests (#24234)
prestodb/presto: presto-native-tests/README.md

# Presto Native Tests

This module contains end-to-end tests that run queries from test classes in 
the `presto-tests` module with Presto C++ workers. Please build the module

> `presto-native-execution` first. 

Reviewer: Consider adding a link to where the reader can find the instructions to build `presto-native-execution`, such as the presto-native-execution README. 
https://github.com/prestodb/presto/blob/master/presto-native-execution/README.md

> The following command can be used to run all tests in this module:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the following command to run all tests in this module:
```

```
mvn test 
    -pl 'presto-native-tests' 
    -Dtest="com.facebook.presto.nativetests.Test*" 
    -Duser.timezone=America/Bahia_Banderas 
    -DPRESTO_SERVER=${PRESTO_HOME}/presto-native-execution/cmake-build-debug/presto_cpp/main/presto_server 
    -DWORKER_COUNT=${WORKER_COUNT} -T1C
```

> Please update JVM argument `PRESTO_SERVER` to point to the Presto C++ worker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update the JVM argument `PRESTO_SERVER` to point to the Presto C++ worker
```

Also, is the timezone `-Duser.timezone=America/Bahia_Banderas ` what all users should use when running this command, or should they need to change this?

binary `presto_server`. 

## Adding new tests

Presto C++ currently does not have the same behavior as Presto for certain 

> queries. This could be because of missing types, missing function signatures,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
queries. This can be because of missing types, missing function signatures,
```

> among other reasons. Tests with these unsupported queries are therefore 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
among other reasons. Tests with these unsupported queries are 
```

> expected to fail and the test asserts the error message is as expected. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
expected to fail and the test returns the error message is as expected. 
```
Is this suggestion correct?

> Issues should also be created for the failing queries, so they are documented

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create issues for the failing queries, so they can be documented
```

> and fixed. Please add the tag `presto-native-tests` for these issues. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and fixed. Use the tag `presto-native-tests` for these issues. 
```
